"   The doing that can be done is not the regular doing. The significance that can be signified is not the everlasting significance. The Divine that can be divined is not the Eternal Divine. Yet there is a lasting way beyond land and sea and sky which may be indicated. There is the Heavenly Way leading clear to the clear. Striving to go right ahead right I would tell now of the Heavenly Way.  What then is this Heavenly Way? What is this Divine which may be divined; and this Eternal Divine which cannot be divined? The Divine which may be divined is the Ever Moving Presence in the Never Moving. Rounding all moving is space. Rounding all sound is silence. But if we call this the Eternal Divine we say nothing.  I have no full name for the Heavenly Way. Some talk of the breath of the valley; some talk of the vim of vacancy. I know there is one pure power. Through every item of existence while it exists the one pure power will be coming and going on the double wing of the instant. There is a domain that is formal; and a domain numeral; and a domain moral. There may be other domains utterly diverse in the knowing of them. The valid presence of the pure power may be known through all domains. But because of its diversity in mode of manifestation we devise for it many names. Yet ever there is a way of unfoldment in line with the pure power; and in that there may be a return to that which is before every domain and every mode of existence.  Opening paragraphs of interpretive paraphrase by Tom MacInnes (1927)   The way to which mankind may hold      Is not the eternal way. Eternal truths cannot be told      In what men write or say.  The name that may be named by man      Is not the eternal name That was before the world began      Or human language came.  In that the namable took root,      The tree of fire and force, Which, having blossomed and borne fruit,      Returns then to its source.  Who warms his body at that fire,      Sees nothing but its smoke; But he who puts aside desire,      The flame\u2019s self will invoke.  These two things are the same in source      But different in name; Who solves this mystery has recourse To that from whence he came."